# Day 2, Milestone 2 Finalization
### Day two of my work with the robot involved tweaking the PID controller to better follow the line (path following up to this point felt a little jerkier than I liked.) I changed the proportional gain to 0.2 and the derivative gain to 3 and was satisfied with the improvements, which had the robot centering faster and not deviating so sharply on turns. 
# Milestone 3 
## The Turn Functions
### For this milestone, we initialized a threshold value which would serve as a reference point for the robot to determine whether or not one of its 6 sensors was detecting the maze path. I created some turning functions that followed a ballistic turning strategy with values of 400 for each wheel, the max speed the robot would allow. To turn right, the right treads would spin backwards (denoted by the negative value) and the left wheel would spin forward correpondingly faster. This resulted in the robot turning exactly in place, which is to be useful for making the sharp 90* turns. 
## The Square-following function
### To create the square following function, I implemented a piece of code that would call a certain turn function while the corresponding IR sensors detected values exceeding the threshold, which would indicate the presence of a turn. The turn function would execute only while this threshold value was exceeded, and would immediately call the follow line function as soon as that threshold was no longer met. The result was a smooth path following robot that would now whip around the corners of the square without getting confused. 
