# Day 7
## Milestone 7
### In this milestone, the only objective was to ensure Cloud reached the finish line in under 15 seconds to qualify. As this was already achieved as a result of the 6th milestone, the only goal for me in this tinkering session was to try to optimize the code as much as possible. After brainstorming a while, I settled on trying to design a way of reducing the time it took for Cloud to make turns. At that time, his turns were predicated on stopping and turning in place, which wasted valuable seconds that could theoretically be shaved off if he would simply drive in an arc. His max speed on straight-aways could not exceed 250 without throwing the calibration for turn detection off, so I decided to leave that alone. To optimize the turns as described, my plan had been to implement two additional PID controllers to handle the right and left turn functions. The logic behind this was that as had been done with the original line following function, Cloud would course correct by adjusting his speed according to the changes he experienced in each turn. After messing around with the gains of both the proportional and derivative components for some time, I discovered that while this would, in theory, work, it was not actually possible to produce the desired behaviours with 90* turns for several reasons. The first of these was that Cloud's turning radius was far too wide to make it around these sharp turns, and while he did produce some arcing behaviour, it was never close enough to the line for him to continue following the path. The second and more concerning problem was that by changing how Cloud turned would have the added effect of changing the angle at which his IR sensors interacted with following intersections. This was a problem because the IR sensors were calibrated only to read intersection types when approached head on, and trying to change this would involve an enormous amount of finageling. I included the faulty PID turn functions in the code for the day's work, but they do not, unfortunately, work well at all and likely won't without some serious re-designing of the remainder of the program. For the sake of time, I messed with only the speed and threshold values to try to optimize the time of the solved maze run, and included the video of it in this entry (This code is essentially identical to the Milestone 6 code in this notebook). Should I have more time over the course of tomorrow, I may try to implement one last idea to convince Cloud to take the turns of the final run at better angles...for now, we will wait to see. 