# Dawn of the Third Day 
## Milestone 3 Experimentation
### Today's tinkering with the robot began with me experimenting with the reactive version of the turning functions. The principle behind this was to set the wheels to turn at the base speed (One negative, one positive) when a particular turn was detected by the IR sensors. This was in lieu of simply turning at maximum at in theory should have produced a less jerky turning behaviour, however the robot did not perform this way. I found the reactive functions to be finicky and non-responsive to changes. I expect this was probably an error due to calibration. I tried to remedy this by creating a hybrid turn function and re-introducing the logic from the ballistic function within the reactive, but sadly could not successfully achieve this. I have included the code from this attempt despite its inability to function correctly. 
## Milestone 4
### This milestone was incredibly exciting to work on! Two pieces were added here, a means of keeping track of the turns the robot executed, and a solved function, which reported the turns upon completion of the simple maze (no branching paths). For recording the turns taken, I inserted a turn counter that Recorded either an 'L' or an 'R' depending on the turn executed. 
### For the Solved function, I created a condition where the left and right most sensors on the sides of the robot needed to exceed the threshold (detect a line) at the same time. Because the finish line is the only point in the maze where the track is wider than the width of the robot, this was the only instance in which this condition would be met. When the solved function is called, the motors' speeds are set to zero, and a buzzer would play in correspondance with the turns recorded in the array as the robot navigated the maze. A high pitched note would play for every right turn made, and a lower pitched note for every left turn. This milestone was relatively easy to implement and was very cool to watch execute!
