# Day 6
## Milestone 6 Corrected
### Today's theme was redemption. Meeting with Josh in the morning, he revealed that I had a number of placement errors of different functions and had cut out a piece of each turning function that was mangling the process completely and had been halting the robot at the very first turn. Thanks to his help, the progress I had originally made for milestone 5 was recovered and indeed implemented even more effectively. With this burden lifted, I switched my attention to milestone 6, which involved reducing the trial-and-error path Cloud had been taking up until now down to a direct path that would go straight to the end. This was performed by having Cloud run an initial, exploration path through the maze at which point a new function would analyse the array of recorded turns, and cut out the turns immediately preceeding and following a u-turn. Once this had been completed, a new function called runSolvedMaze would call this new shortened array and execute only the turns that remained in terms of discrete angle turns, rather than changing the speed of the wheels as was done in the original turn functions. In between the initial run and the solution run, I also coded a waitForButton command so that ample time would be given for me to move Cloud from the finish line back to the start point. When Cloud reaches the finish line the second time, he plays the "Mario reaches the flagpole" tune with the buzzer, signifying the successful navigation of the maze. 
